Originally written by: Alex Nazimok. This plugin allows users to generate customized test-case skeletons in a specified directory, which it will create if the directory does not already exist. The output is produced using Velocity template, that could be modified to meet user needs. If test-case already exists, then the user will be prompted to either overwrite or compare the test-case using diff panels.


<b>General usage instructions:</b>

This plugin was originally written by: Alex Nazimok. I have updated JUnit Generator and made it much more customizable.

This plugin allows users to generate customized test-case skeletons in a specified directory, which it will create if the directory does not already exist.

A set of velocity templates is used to generate these test cases which can be customized as needed. These templates have access to a large amount of metadata making the generated tests very dynamic. The templates are stored in the project config as well as in the application directory.

Several options are allowed, including the ability to decide whether or not to generate tests for all overloads of a method and how to name them. Also, for all private methods boiler plate reflection access and invocation code is created.

A test can be easily generated by pressing Alt+Ins and selecting JUnit Test or you can optionally add a keybinding to it under the keymap part of the IntelliJ settings page.

This plugin (2.0.8) was built with java 1.6 for IntelliJ 11. If you have older versions of IntellJ, you may want to download 2.0.7 and install that manall.

This plugin runs out of the box for IntelliJ 7, and will run fine in IntelliJ 6.x, however since there are version issues between the IntelliJ IDEA 6 and IntelliJ IDEA 7 SDK's, I have uploaded two versions, 2.0.6 and 2.0.7 respectively. If you download this plugin through IntelliJ you will get the 2.0.7 Version which runs on IntelliJ 7.x, however if you download the 2.0.6 version here, you only need to extract the junitgen.jar from the zip file and place it in the IntelliJ plugins folder, located under the config folder in 'Documents and Settings' in order to run this on IntelliJ 6.x

<b>MAC Installation Instructions</b>
  1. Download Mac specific JUnitGenerator zip file.
  1. Install/Enable JUnitGenerator V2.0 in IDEA plugins preferences.
  1. Quit IntelliJ.
  1. Place contents of zip file in ~/Library/Application Support/IntelliJIDEA80 (Overwrite any existing junitgen.jar and resources/ folder)
  1. Restart IntelliJ

<b>Build Instructions</b>
  1. Download the source code.
  1. Open the project ipr file you can open in IntelliJ.
  1. Download the Plugin Devkit intelliJ plugin and set the project SDK to intelliJ Idea SDK under JDK's.
    * To do this select JDK's under platform settings, then click add new IntelliJ Idea SDK. Once you've done that you need to navigate to your IntelliJ installation directory and select that as the JDK home.
  1. o to the dependencies tab for the JunitGenerator module and select the Idea SDK you just added for the module SDK.
  1. Rebuild the project, then under the build menu go to the junitgen dropdown menu and select deploy. this will deploy two zip files, a src zip, and a zip containing the plugin jar.

To use the plugin you just generated just place the contents of the zip file (junitgen.jar & resources folder) inside of your intelliJ plugins folder. Then the plugin should be active next time you start intelliJ.